and it's such a cool place to come and
dig for native relics and Indian
artifacts and fossils two rivers meet
right here we got the Licking River and
over here this bigger River that's
running through like crazy it's in the
sting River they cross right here
together
oh no just because of what I find in the
ground here that this was just like a
metropolis two rivers crossing easy
access to just anything they needed just
in about ten minutes today in one spot I
found this big stain so you're looking
at it like yeah it's a rock man so what
look at the bottom
triangular and perfectly flat
there you have a slope worn into it
there are some lines and grooving and
scratches with probably some
construction things happening
gets nothing rounded and right here
right here tells me this was a big relic
because it's a fun rest finger rest
right there just like in other Maino
tools grinding tools right there
Curtis old man finger go right in that
thump thump it's real good
this is the hand the palm hammer got the
nice bridge all the way down the middle
the st. River tumbled it was too high up
to be from the river and it's flat back
here it's got kind of a triangular shape
like a three piece smashing tool got
this edge to hit I hold it like that
got that one which is pretty straight
all the way down
and this one over here looks a little
more beat up in the rest of it it's not
so straight with the flat side and these
other sides that are rounded tells me it
was a palm hammer a fifth hammer feels
good about any way you hold it needs
cleaned up to get a better view
plenty of gemstone stuff these here
making little hammers are little way
better clean them up and check them out
closer
and I found a shard of some really old
pottery really old
this ain't no white boy pottery this is
some native stuff and it's smooth it's
been worn smooth where it broke that's
what we like one will keep on scratching